updating fwlinks inside framework (#15546)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/migration-guide/versions-and-dependencies.md

  
     .NET Framework 4.5.1 and .NET Framework 4.5 are used here only as examples. This principle applies to any app that targets a later version of the .NET Framework than the one installed on the system on which it is running.  
  

>  Some changes in the .NET Framework may require changes to your app code; see [Application Compatibility](application-compatibility.md) before you run your existing apps with .NET Framework 4.5 or later versions. For more information about installing the current version, see [Install the .NET Framework for developers](../install/guide-for-developers.md). For information about support for the .NET Framework, see [Microsoft .NET Framework Support Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/17455/lifecycle-faq-net-framework) on the Microsoft Support website.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Some changes in the .NET Framework may require changes to your app code; see [Application Compatibility](application-compatibility.md) before you run your existing apps with .NET Framework 4.5 or later versions. For more information about installing the current version, see [Install the .NET Framework for developers](../install/guide-for-developers.md). For information about support for the .NET Framework, see [.NET Framework Support Policy](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/platform/support/policy/dotnet-framework) on the .NET website.
```

## See also

- [Version Compatibility](version-compatibility.md)

> - [Microsoft .NET Framework Support Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/17455/lifecycle-faq-net-framework)

Reviewer: This is a good change to do it broadly with a search and replace to see if there are more after we merge this PR 

```suggestion
- [.NET Framework Support Policy](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/platform/support/policy/dotnet-framework)
```
